Database host address:RaulWeissmann.mysql.pythonanywhere-services.com
Username:RaulWeissmann
Since you have a free account, you will only be able to connect to your database using code running inside PythonAnywhere.

Your databases:
Click a database's name to start a MySQL console logged in to it.

Name
RaulWeissmann$default
RaulWeissmann$RinconBotanico
Create a database
Your database names always start with your username + "$". There's no need to type that prefix in below, though: PythonAnywhere will automatically add it.


Configuration for RaulWeissmann.pythonanywhere.com
Reload:
Best before date:
We're happy to host your free website -- and keep it free -- for as long as you want to keep it running, but you'll need to log in at least once every three months and click the "Run until 3 months from today" button below. We'll send you an email a week before the site is disabled so that you don't forget to do that. See here for more details.

This site will be disabled on Tuesday 24 September 2024

Paying users' sites stay up forever without any need to log in to keep them running.

Traffic:
How busy is your site?

This month (previous month)	0	(0)
Today (yesterday)	0	(0)
Hour (previous hour)	0	(0)
Want some more data? Paying accounts get pretty charts ;-)

Code:
What your site is running.

Source code:
/home/RaulWeissmann/mysite

Go to directory
Working directory:
/home/RaulWeissmann/

Go to directory
WSGI configuration file:/var/www/raulweissmann_pythonanywhere_com_wsgi.py
Python version:
3.10
Virtualenv:
Use a virtualenv to get different versions of flask, django etc from our default system ones. More info here. You need to Reload your web app to activate it; NB - will do nothing if the virtualenv does not exist.

Enter path to a virtualenv, if desired

Log files:
The first place to look if something goes wrong.

Access log:raulweissmann.pythonanywhere.com.access.log
Error log:raulweissmann.pythonanywhere.com.error.log
Server log:raulweissmann.pythonanywhere.com.server.log
Log files are periodically rotated. You can find old logs here: /var/log

Static files:
Files that aren't dynamically generated by your code, like CSS, JavaScript or uploaded files, can be served much faster straight off the disk if you specify them here. You need to Reload your web app to activate any changes you make to the mappings below.

URL	Directory	Delete
Enter URL	Enter path	
Security:
An HTTPS certificate is needed so that people can access your site securely. We automatically provide a certificate for RaulWeissmann.pythonanywhere.com.

HTTPS certificate:Automatically provided for this hostname
You need to Reload your web app to activate any changes made below.

Forcing HTTPS means that anyone who goes to your site using the insecure http URL will immediately be redirected to the secure https one. More information here.

Force HTTPS:
Password protection is ideal for sites that are under development when you don't want anyone to see them yet.

Password protection:
Username:Enter a username
Password:Enter a password
Disable:
You can temporarily turn off your web site by disabling it. You can always re-enable it later.

Delete:
Deleting this web app will remove your web app from the Internet, but will not remove your code. The WSGI configuration file will be backed up.

